Add serverfull hosting recipe to cookbook (#431)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: cookbook/Serverfull_Hosting.md

```javascript
const name = 'redwood-pm2' // Name to use in PM2
const repo = 'git@github.com:njjkgeerts/redwood-pm2.git' // Link to your repo
const user = 'deploy' // Server user
const path = `/home/${user}/${name}` // Path on the server to deploy to
const host = 'example.com' // Server hostname
const port = 8911 // Port to use locally on the server
const build = 'yarn install && yarn rw build && yarn rw db up && yarn rw db seed' // Build commands

module.exports = {
  apps: [
    {
      name,
      node_args: '-r dotenv/config',
      cwd: `${path}/current/`,
      script: 'node_modules/@redwoodjs/api-server/dist/index.js',
      args: `-f api/dist/functions --port ${port}`,
      env: {
        NODE_ENV: 'development',
      },
      env_production: {
        NODE_ENV: 'production',
      },
    },
  ],

  deploy: {
    production: {
      user,
      host,
      ref: 'origin/master',
      repo,
      path,
      ssh_options: 'ForwardAgent=yes',
      'post-deploy': `${build} && pm2 reload pm2.config.js --env production && pm2 save`,
    },
  },
}
```

> > Caveat: the API seems to only work in fork mode in PM2, not cluster mode

Reviewer: Could you explain the difference or link to the docs where they explain the difference?

Author: I also added the link in the document.
https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/cluster-mode/

# Serverfull Hosting

Do you prefer to host a Redwood app on your own server instead of all this serverless magic? Well, you can! In this recipe we configure a Redwood app with PM2 and Nginx on a Linux server.

## Requirements

You should have some basic knowledge of the following tools.

- Linux
- Nginx
- Postgres
- PM2
- Node

> - Yarn

Reviewer 2: What do you think about adding links to docs/websites for these, especially Nginx and PM2?

## Configuration

### Project

Add Redwood's API server (in the API workspace) and PM2 (in the root) to your project.

```termninal
yarn workspace api add @redwoodjs/api-server
yarn add -D pm2
```

> Create a PM2 ecosystem configuration file. I always rename ecosystem.config.js to pm2.config.js for
> better clarity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a PM2 ecosystem configuration file. For clarity, it's recommended to rename `ecosystem.config.js` to something like `pm2.config.js`.
```

Using the first person "I" can be a bit confusing. Not a real issue, but something like the above is probably better.

```terminal
yarn pm2 init
mv ecosystem.config.js pm2.config.js
```

Edit redwood.toml to change the API endpoint:

```toml
apiProxyPath = "/api"
```

> Optionally add some scripts to your top-level package.json.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, add some scripts to your top-level package.json.
```

```json
"scripts": {
  "deploy:setup": "pm2 deploy pm2.config.js production setup",
  "deploy": "pm2 deploy pm2.config.js production deploy"
}
```

### Linux server

> Your server should have a user for deploying the app with. It should be configured with a SSH key pair so you can easily SSH into it from your development environment. In this example this user is named `deploy`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your server should have a user for deployment, which should be configured with an SSH key pair providing access to your development environment. In this example, the user is named `deploy`.
```

```javascript
const name = 'redwood-pm2' // Name to use in PM2
const repo = 'git@github.com:njjkgeerts/redwood-pm2.git' // Link to your repo
const user = 'deploy' // Server user
const path = `/home/${user}/${name}` // Path on the server to deploy to
const host = 'example.com' // Server hostname
const port = 8911 // Port to use locally on the server
const build = 'yarn install && yarn rw build && yarn rw db up && yarn rw db seed' // Build commands

module.exports = {
  apps: [
    {
      name,
      node_args: '-r dotenv/config',
      cwd: `${path}/current/`,
      script: 'node_modules/@redwoodjs/api-server/dist/index.js',
      args: `-f api/dist/functions --port ${port}`,
      env: {
        NODE_ENV: 'development',
      },
      env_production: {
        NODE_ENV: 'production',
      },
    },
  ],

  deploy: {
    production: {
      user,
      host,
      ref: 'origin/master',
      repo,
      path,
      ssh_options: 'ForwardAgent=yes',
      'post-deploy': `${build} && pm2 reload pm2.config.js --env production && pm2 save`,
    },
  },
}
```

## Deploying

### Preparation

> First, we need to create the directories for PM2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, we need to create the PM2 directories.
```

```terminal
yarn install
yarn deploy:setup
```

> Your directories at the server are now set. However, your `.env` settings are not yet configured.
> SSH into your server and create an `.env` file in the `current` subdirectory of the deploy
> directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your server directories are now set. However, the `.env` settings are not yet configured.
SSH into your server and create an `.env` file in the `current` subdirectory of the deploy directory.
```

```terminal
vim /home/deploy/redwood-pm2/current/.env
```

For example, add a DATABASE_URL variable.

```env
DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/redwood-pm2
```

Now we can finally deploy the app.

### Actual deploy

Just run the following. It should update the code, take care of database migrations and restart the app in PM2.

```terminal
yarn deploy
```

Enjoy! 😁

## Example

> A code example can be found at: https://github.com/njjkgeerts/redwood-pm2

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend moving this to the top introduction section — starting with examples seems to help add meaning to the implementation steps. Also, what do you think about a link to the live example app http://redwood-pm2.nickgeerts.com ?

## Caveats

Here are some caveats I have encountered:

> - There is a Prisma bug that occurs in Node.js version 12, so use version 14

Reviewer 2: This is no longer the case as of Redwood v0.20.0 (including Prisma 2.9.0)

> - The API only runs in fork mode in PM2, not cluster mode

Reviewer 2: I'd recommend adding this as a callout in the applicable API setup section, e.g. in either "Project" or "PM2". You can create a callout using markdown `>` for blockquote.

> This is a blockquote example
